---
Background async task
  can optionally use Celery library in API server now!
  every _x_ min, API server should be pulling on its local copy of the git repos for teams to keep them up to date
  it should NOT check out anything.. git clone should use --bare
  and then the APIs should do a git clone from the local filesystem into some temp dir
  and then cleanup temp dir when done


these APIs should check out a local copy of a bare git repo that API server maintains
  at the requested branch or tag.. or return error if not exist, somehow
  this gets a clean folder to work in
  then they run the scraping routing found in this demo repo for finding configs, which works for TG or DTF style
  then clean up the checked out repo before API return


---
Web APIs for UI

NOTE:
hash is too open ended IMO.. tag serves as a named hash
how would users pick from any hash in the repo anyway??
Custom UI will not have a box for anyone to input a hash right??

phase 1:

GET list of github repo's branches and tags for [team name]
 called.. every time page is loaded??

GET [branch or tag or hash] list of Test Suites, Test Setups, Test Actions paths

GET [branch or tag or hash] request combined json file (with embedded schema)
    for Test Suite [path]
        called after Test Suite is selected
        may return empty.. (for TG will be empty).. which is ok, no action
        if returns options, then auto switch the Env Vars to Custom UI mode and show the options
            disable the mode toggle too, because switching 1) serves no benefit and 2) could break the Test

    for Test Setup [path]
        called after Test Setup is selected
        may return empty.. (for TG will be empty).. which is ok, no action
        if returns options, then auto switch the Env Vars to Custom UI mode and show the options
            disable the mode toggle too, because switching 1) serves no benefit and 2) could break the Test

    for Test Action [path]
        called after Test Action is selected
        may return empty.. (for DTF will be empty).. which is ok, no action
        if returns options, then auto switch the Env Vars to Custom UI mode and show the options
            disable the mode toggle too, because switching 1) serves no benefit and 2) could break the Test

phase 2:

GET [branch or tag or hash] cli schema
